**No third party rights**

Technical limitations of the agreed-upon pipeline inspection technology

Electromagnetic Pipeline Testing GmbH (EMPIT) has drawn up this Pathfinder App and the digital pipeline documents and other relevant files available in the section “Documents” (together the “Final Report”) specifically and exclusively for SIA Ventspils Nafta Terminals (VNT) under the purchase order 273-604355 dated 21 May 2021, the offer PO-HH13K0206, and related agreements. These agreements do not create any third-party rights, neither to performance nor to damage compensation. Accordingly, this Final Report shall not give rise to any third-party rights, either. It is not prepared for any third party; it shall not be brought to the attention of any third party; and no third party shall have any claims against Electromagnetic Pipeline Testing GmbH on the grounds of any reliance placed by such third party on the Final Report. 

EMPIT has prepared this Final Report in good faith with great care and high diligence in full compliance with the state-of-the-art rules of the agreed-upon pipeline inspection technique, namely CMI (Current Magnetometry Inspection). Both parties are well aware of the technical limitations of this kind of pipeline inspection. The inspection technique is able to identify areas which showed an abnormal response to electromagnetic fields generated during the testing procedure. Yet, not all conditions causing abnormal response to electromagnetic fields constitute safety-relevant pipeline anomalies; the other way around, not all conditions constituting safety-relevant pipeline anomalies cause abnormal response to electromagnetic waves; there is thus no guaranteed relation between the degree of abnormality in the response and the need for safety-preserving action; there is no assured relation either between types of abnormality in the response of electromagnetic fields and categories of pipeline anomalies. Hence, CMI alone does not guarantee to identify defective pipeline ranges and spots, nor is it guarantees to identify anomaly-free pipeline ranges and spots. CMI can “only” give valuable indications in these respects. Both parties are well aware that the test results stated in this Final Report can therefore by no means serve as exclusive basis for any assessment regarding the safety, quality, capability, or acceptability of the tested pipeline(s) / pipeline sections. Consequently, EMPIT gives no representation, warranty, or guarantee, and disclaims any responsibility and liability, as to existence or absence of safety-relevant or other anomalies of tested pipelines, but to the contrary warns not to make any decisions for or against any investments, in particular in maintenance or other safety-relevant measures, exclusively on the basis of this Final Report. Safe operation of the tested pipeline remains in the undivided responsibility of the VNT. It is therefore up VNT to draw summary and consequences, if any, from inter alia any findings set out in the Final Report. Again, Electromagnetic Pipeline Testing GmbH takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any damage arising out of the use of any information laid down in the Final Report.
